Add Confluent Schema Registry to requirements section (#11595)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/kafka.rst

Confluent table description supplier
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The Kafka connector only uses the `Confluent Schema Registry
> <https://docs.confluent.io/1.0/schema-registry/docs/intro.html>`_ to
> discover table definitions. The benefits of using the schema registry are:

Reviewer: If the intent is to indicate it only works with the Confluent Schema Registry then would this be better? Current wording seems confusing and doesn't convey what we want to convey.

```suggestion
The Confluent table description supplier uses the `Confluent Schema Registry
<https://docs.confluent.io/1.0/schema-registry/docs/intro.html>`_ to discover
table definitions. Set ``kafka.table-description-supplier`` to ``CONFLUENT`` to
use it and configure the additional properties in the following table.
This table description supplier is only tested to work with the Confluent Schema Registry [but may or may not work with other compatible schema registries].
```

Feel free to drop the part in `[]` depending on what we want to convey.
```

* New tables can be defined without a cluster restart.

> * Schema updates are detected.

Author: @hashhar ... are detected how? Automatically?

Reviewer: Automatically. It's a black from our perspective and user's too. The Kafka library Confluent provides handles all of this.

The Confluent table description supplier uses the `Confluent Schema Registry
<https://docs.confluent.io/1.0/schema-registry/docs/intro.html>`_ to discover
table definitions. It is only tested to work with the Confluent Schema

> Registry.

Author: @hashhar I've incorporated part of your suggestion. Wdyt?

The benefits of using the schema registry are:

* New tables can be defined without a cluster restart.
* Schema updates are detected automatically.

> * There is no need to define tables manually.

Author: Is it necessary to list the benefits of the Confluent Schema Registry if the user doesn't have a choice, in this particular instance?

Reviewer: It's not the benefits of the "Confluent" schema registry itself. It's instead contrasting this to the `File table description supplier`. I agree it's unclear since it's a long document and the heirarchy seems to be lost.

Maybe reword to "The benefits of using the Confluent table description supplier instead of file table description supplier...".

Author: Okay, so using the Confluent Schema Registry over the default?

Reviewer: Yes.
